Hahahaha
How dare you rush down and fight?
You're courting death!
Brothers
Let them taste the power of Western weapons
Call me
How come?
There is a problem finding these weapons
It doesn't work at all. How is that possible?
This is a weapon bought from Hong Kong
This trash has to let me play in person
I'll teach you how to use it now
Uncle, such a cannonball blew itself up again
Uncle, are you alright?
Your family treats the devil as a grandmother
You are surrounded
Let's get out of here, Shuai, take care of yourself
I'll take the brothers first
Uh-huh.
Kneel down and die
2 Primate, that traitor was shot in the head by me
Can you increase the luxury arm?
Captured alive
5 days of anger for Tian, if you give me another chance
You will definitely die.
Then I'll give you another chance to escape
I'll send someone to knock the ground back in an hour
The chairperson joked, I got it, I really got it